Firstly, we feed our machine learning model wiith as much information as we can from the electromagnetic radiation emmited by stars and universe. We then get our disrupted data and we apply a fourier transformation so that to isolate the frequency of the data from that of the univiers noise. Then our trained neural network performs a bunch of statistical analysis on the disrupted object and finaly it clears the object from the noise. Now, what happens if there is a gap of data at a certain area?​

Here is how it goes:​

We interpret the 3D objects as multiple 2D images and with the help of a tool, we enter them in the machine as a matrix input. These images are then used as samples to create a probability distribution, which will allow as to determine the best choice for filling any missing parts in the object.  To fill these gaps, we need to gain as much information as we can from the context close to the missing area and also to develop an artificial perception of the image as a whole. We use an adversarial training method -also known as GAN (Generative Adversarial Networks)- where two functions will fight against each other so that to force the machine to create an artificial substitute that will be both plausible and natural to human understanding. The machine learning model has been trained before so that to understand the features of some 3d printable objects, by thousands of 3d model objects, and it has created a distribution of reference. By scanning through a particular image, the machine can decide which features are missing and thus to try and regenerate them, based on the new and the distribution of reference. Here Im gonna show you how some probabilitiy distributions look like. Our deep convolutional neural network is finally able to reconstract the objects by approximating the original object.
